feat(changelog): transactional-email-security-dmarc-policy 2024-04-15 (#3061)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/april2024/2024-04-15-transactional-email-security-dmarc-policy.mdx

---

> title: DMARC policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Transactional Email DMARC policy
```

status: security
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #transactional-email channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-04-15
category: managed-services
product: transactional-email
---

> After SPF, DKIM, and MX, we're introducing the DMARC policy to provide further protection for your domains against identity theft and phishing attacks. Everything is detailed here, step by step, to ensure comprehensive understanding and implementation.
> 
> https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/managed-services/transactional-email/how-to/add-dmarc-record/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After SPF, DKIM, and MX, we are introducing the DMARC policy to provide further protection for your domains against identity theft and phishing attacks. [Read our dedicated documentation](/managed-services/transactional-email/how-to/add-dmarc-record/) to understand DMARC, and learn how to configure it.

```
